Basic Timeline of Heaven’s Magia:

Assuming the order of events from Rebellion onward;

20XX, prior to Homura’s reset: Rebellion, or more known as Madoka Movie 3, happens...Homura resets the timeline into the ‘third world’ half assly mixing the universes to result in her desired world. Ultima-Godoka isn’t pleased with her being ripped ‘in half’ and is left in heaven. The Incubators are also made into the slave race to Homura, and exist solely to serve her and Magical Girls, even having to tell magical girls beforehand all the consequences of being a Puella Magi. This results in Magical Girls being far more common in other timelines and MUCH more organized and united by 2050 in the final timeline.

20XX, a year later: Homura, for varying reasons, realizes that Madoka is slowly learning that she is infact a goddess and breaks down before admitting all her problems and her guilt is paramount and obvious. She cries, embracing Madoka, and Madoka finally reconnects into her other self and thinks up a solution to the problem. Madoka realizes that she herself is also to blame for the situation, and that with her overwhelming Kharmic destiny she would be able to save Homura from her situation and ‘fix’ the situation but there would be irreparable consequences that she would have to bear the brunt of. Homura, always selfish, takes an oath to Madoka and promises to ‘be a good wife and lover to her’. This resets the world for a final time, sending the story into the world Heaven’s Magia itself takes place in.

1.5 Billion years ago: Homura’s ‘skin of evil’ is transplanted onto the burning crust of the planet, all evil is born in this primordial soup as evolution and Kayblis’ original form with it, Kayblis spawns his others in the beast tribe...but is quickly cursed by his new family who make him both immortal and unable to take title of “Lucifer”. Coincidentally, that demon was Amon...The devilman sion and the great betrayer of demonkind.

65 Million years ago: For the better part of 1.4 billion years, the Lucifer of the era (Kkulf Kkulf) has slowly grown an army of the ancient demons, among them the beast tribe and flame tribes. Madoka and Homura first realize this strange disturbance of the universe, and Homura leads the Puella Magica saints to war in the Cretacious before causing a mass extinction of demonkind by rocketing an asteroid into the earth with her magic. Lucifer and demonkind are sent to ‘hell’ an ice sheet in the deep dark polar regions. This ‘War of a year’ was mostly won down to the fact that Amon, in a deal with heaven...decided to plead there to be a way for demons to ascend to heaven and not be damned. Homura granted him the title of ‘first Devilman’ and promised he would be a hero in the coming conflicts.

2001: The events of Vento Aureo happen, specifically the fact that Giorno Giovanna acquires Golden Experience Requiem. This makes him, accidently, immortal. Yet, with Passone, he becomes one of (if not the) most powerful man in Italy.

2026: Great Britain disintegrates after a referendum on Scotish Independence, paramilitaries become the norm amongst the region...and generally Britain begins a dark age early then the average.

2027: Fallowing a nuclear war scare in 2026 (namely due to the fear of the lost nuclear weapons out of England) nuclear arms worldwide skyrocket and mixed with the paranoia of the day the United States creates the "Sphere Mire" in secret. By the time it is leaked to the Russian Federation a decade later most nations have figured out one way to mitigate the damages of a nuclear war even if to major cities of note.

2029: L. A. I. N (Logistical Artificial Intelligence Network) begins her existence in France. She quickly begins to dream of France, Magical girls, and Nepleon. All of which will come to help her in the years that follow.

2030: Lucifer "Satan" is born as a child Professor Asuka, who himself succumbs to his own research into demonkind, and murders his wife who turned out to be a time traveling Magical Girl from the future. “Ryo Asuka”, grows up mentally unstable and rich, and utterly determined to figure out his father’s research. In the same year, Tank Schools (known as Shensha-Do) became all the rage, and became a standard sport for children and teenagers even after the apocalypse in the coming ten odd years.

2031: The events of the ascension of Madoka happen, this results in a massive burst of wind traveling around japan and the eastern world causing minor to major damages and causing Hanakawa Tsubasa’s skirt to be sent skyward causing a teenage Araragi-san to get the hots for her. Setting in motion not just ‘The Mitakihara Sainthoods’, but also the saga of the Great Oddity master Araragi Koyomi. More importantly though, it breaks open the demonkind ice shelf and releases the spirits of the demons inside.

2033: The Foundation of the ‘Magius Order’ is created, they begin to push for increasingly radical unitarization of the Magical girl world and later build an almost 80 billion dollar fund in case of a coming war.

2035: Sayaka Miki and Kyoko teach one another how to Doppel, Mami nearly witches out when she attempts it, and is affraid that the power of the Doppels will be abused. The three of them promises to make Doppeling something that can be trained and the three of them help master the art with time (though Mami refuses to doppel due to her previously bad experience).

2040: Lucifer breaks out Zennon and Kayblis from their underground prison, while a very bored military manger called Guts Ioni begins dating Casca Gulpha. The two of them hear about the "The Grand Sabath Concert" and decide to book a ticket...coincidently, there was only two left too...

2041 New Years Day: On New Years Day, 2041, "The Grand Sabath Concert" starts. Drinking, boozing, and whoring are boundless as the music club is quite litterally full to the bursting with people. Besides the previously mentioned Casca and Guts, who get trashed with their old friend who interduced them Griffith...the eye of note however is that of "Ryo Asuka" drinking like a spoiled brat with young lovers Akira Fudo and the 'escentric' for lack of a better term Miki Makimura. As the beat gets deep, and Ryo begins shanking people with broken Beer bottles, the violence escalates as demons and devilmen rupture out the ritual that Ryo had set beforehand. Guts and Akira become devilman, and Miki Makimura is forced to watch in horror as people are projected across the building. Oriko's vision of this, and the later filming of the event that landed on the dark web reach the 'ever knowing' Magius Order who with funding prepares for the coming conflict by calling a "Magia Declaration"

2041 January 2nd: The Magia Declaration is broadcasted through the Magia lines, it is viewed my the nearly million told Puella Magi alive at the point in time and is consiquently a beginning of a long debate on the Magical Girl's role in the coming conflict, it last for several weeks fallowing.

2041 January 17th: After deliberation of the myraiad Puella Magi able to attend the event, it was decided the the Puella Magi will attempt to save humankind by a surprisingly close vote. Out of the 405 women in attendence, Only 205 voted for the vote...with the deciding ones being the Puella Magi of Mitakihara itself.

2041 Febuary: Akira Fudo returns to his last year of highschool as he prepares for his 400 meter nationals, while Guts is finally calmed down after going utterly bezerk after his rampage at the Sabath in no small part to Casca and Griffith managing to calm him down. The three swear to figure out what was going on, and more then that hunt down the crazy white haired weirdo who caused all of this. Miki Makimura on the otherhand, gets contacted by an incubator who tells her she as 'a very odd potential I can't quite understand', her wish is to 'protect Akira Fudo and his family'.

2041 April 9: Akira Fudo duels Guts, and after realizing he isn't a demon but a Devilman like him they form a deep brotherhood. The birth of the Espania's are widely celibrated on this date. Miki Makimura at the same day by chance meets a blue haired girl called Sayaka Miki they weirdly hit it off on account that they both LOVE mech shows despite both coming to realization that they are NONSENSE because tanks are better, this will start a close but complex relationship of two mothers, and more then that interduce Miki Makimura to the greater world of the Puella Magi.

2042 Junary: Jinmin Obui, during a normal and average night route suddenly stops the traincar in the middle of the subway and proceeds to violently rape, murder, and eat every man woman and especially child on the train...Akira Fudo is far too late to save anyone, as Jinmen slinks into the cold night. Lucifer finds him disgusting, but recruits him on the spot...Ryo for his part needs a bodygaurd now that Akira Fudo is playing superman across the planet with his 'recently annouced' girlfriend Miki.

2042 Febuary: Faim and Modoc, with tacit approval by Lucifer who thought they would be unsuccessful, organize an attempt to coup the US navy and prepare a minor nuclear war. Modoc successfully integrates into the admiralty while Faim works her way through the generalship...preparing a movement of nuclear missiles to be used for the occassion.

2042 Febuary 27th: During the hight of the Teen Olympiad held in chinese Macao, a series of explosive incidents rock the stands during the Relay race, namely the birth of the devilman (later turncoat demon) Vlava and the ensuing fight between Akira Fudo and later devilman hero Miki Kuroda was the highlight of the show...yet as the concession stands fell to pieces, the true note was Miki Kuroda's quick save an asmatic little boy in the concession stands. His parents crashed to a fine past, and having an in the middle anxiety and ashma attack, Miki asks the boy his name after administering her own rather useless inhailer. He replyed with, "Rance". Fallowing the event and the subsequent chaos across the world from a live showing of demons eating people and devilman saving people, Ryo Asuka decries the all the beasts who faught as demons and tells the world of their existance...leading immidately to a breakdown of the stability of the nations. Especially in the lavant, which prepares for war.

2042 Febuary 29th: Ignorent of the chaos across the world and just enjoying themselves; Araragi Koyomi, Karen Araragi, Tsukihi Araragi, Hitagi Senjogahara, Shinobu, Tsubaki Hanakawa, Nadako Sengoku, Kanburu Suruga, and Mayoi Hachikuji all enjoy themselves in Araragi's vacation in Rural central india. They enjoy drinking, dancing, and ends with Araragi announcing that he asked Senjogahara to marry him leading to awws and happiness

2042 March 2nd: Sayaka Miki after telling her family to specifically hide because of the coming issues in the 'safe zones' is visited by the devilman Zennon (Ryo Uzamaki). Sayaka originally thinks he is a demon, but Ryo tells her that is not apt for he is in fact a devilman and explains the grand plan of madoka and homura. Specifically afterword he tells her to take the next flight out of japan and into the United States to help lead the humans there in the coming catastraphe. When Sayaka asks what is the cost of this information, Zennon replies with, "Friendship and a promise to support me when I need it." Kyoko for her part is at an arguement on her feelings, and on the night of the incident calls Sayaka as she boards the plane telling her that she really loves and that if she so survives this ordeal she wants to live her life with her. Sayaka for her part agrees, and promises to be a good waify.

2042 March 3rd: As Sayaka leaves for the United States, the Magius Order's priests foretell a coming war...billions of dollars of equipment is baught and moved into 'Magania' the fortress cities for the coming war. Gravegaurden is founded this way, but the discovery of the Gravegaurden Pepetual Motion Machine...baffles even the most experienced Puella Magi. In a matter of the week the cities would be stocked, but the war is already here...

2042 March 3rd 12:32 AM: Modoc, Mastuff, Faim, and the 57 Officers (converted naval officers, turned demons) lead a naval inserection on the high command of the Supercarrier Enterprise making the entirety of the USN's Pacific Taskforce go rogue. Renaming Enterprise 'Heirophaunt', Modoc and Faim prepare to cause nuclear war before the defensive cities are setup and the devilman are fully ready for the coming war. But as the nuclear missiles are being targetted...Heaven itself glares through the sky. In a roar of thunder that sends destroyers sinking and cruisers firing their missiles at the heavens...Modoka and Homura roar like angels out of Heaven on a golden chariot pulled by the Heaven horses, the myriad rainbow Sphinxes. During the ensuing chaos, in which numerious ships where destroyed and not a weapon they fired even came close to hitting Madoka and Homura, the twin goddesses declared their attention to the entire world to a filming by a neutral recorder: "-To end the skin of evil, that my love had condemned for life...to bring forth the wrath of heaven, the Heaven's Magia will spear the light!" In that moment, a single arrow was fired, which split the wounded sky and ruptured into hundreds of thousands of angel Magia from across history and time. With spears, lazer guns, clubs, and longswords they swung into the masses of demons that so ballooned under Madoc's order from the oceanbound fleet of demonkind. The "Battle of the Thunder's Declaration", was a chaotic duel...in which demon armies of fecund horror warred with heaven's mightiest and most powerful. In the chaos, half of the US navy was destroyed just west of the Philipines and those ships that survived under demon command broke off in all directions leading calls for Demon uprisings worldwide.

2042 March 3rd 4PM: International News of the incident leads to utter chaos, the Lavant instantly falls under the sway of religious revolution as the traditionally radical and religious march to kill anyone deemed sinful, as demons and devilman fight a endless war in the streets while the militaries have a hard time distinguishing one from the other. Throughout this all, the Puella Magi and the Magius Order reveal themselves to the world...proclaiming that mankind must calm itself before eradication comes from the hand of a demon's claw. 

2042 March 3rd 6PM: Sayaka lands in California as the chaos subsumes everything, during the landing she helps organize the radical and un-unified Puella Magi of the United States into a coherient entity, but the fate of the world is long decided. Misha Averheim, her second in command, notes: "The President has already decided that the situation untenable...California and the Major states of industry will be given precidents to be 'Mired in Shielding' while demonkind itself wars itself to exhaustion." Sayaka takes the bullet train to the US capital, to try to stop this...

2042 March 3rd 9PM: Mami and the "Moscva Girls" rescue the Prisident of the Russian Federation and his family from a abuduction...Magical Girls from across Eurasia are congragating in Moscow specifically as the "Case BRAGATION" Shields fire up across the major cities...nuclear war is only days away...

2042 March 4th: During the "Command Crisis" France sits in the middle of a worldwide crisis and can barely do anything then hope and pray...however Lain has other plans. "Calm yourselves...and let the wires nest you." France's entire state becomes automated in a single day, and Lain's plan for the "Aurora of wire" shields the entire country of France from the outside world. Indonesia endures a violent clash of titans as demon armies attempt coups and naval invasions to buy the "HellFleet" a area to break to the Argentine and Chilian searegion. They are successful at saving the Hellfleet, but the aren't successful in toppeling Indonesia and lose hundreds of thousands of demons in the process. The Final UN council is called, and the cock is mere seconds to midnight on Doomsday. Sayaka pleads to get an audience with SOMEONE in the highest order of the US but few can help her, so, in an act of infamy...she for the first of many times: "Chooses just tyranny to incompant democracy" and with her knights such as Misha occupies the white house, Senate, Judicial department, and even the the presidency. Her only declaration: "I will not fire the first shot...until someone else fires first..." Akira Fudo pleads with other devilman to join up, since his army is still woefully understaffed in comparison to the Magia, a feature that will increasingly be important in the war to come.

2042 March 5th 1AM: Despite success after success, the nuclear war came at last to ruin the plans of humanity. Due to tension, failure to stop the demon assiassinations of the congresses, and general fear and growing desperation...Pakistan and India declare war on one another...and the Sky dims a layer darker. What happens in the matter of the '5 hour War' is rapid and can be best described below. Surfice it to say, nuclear war isn't fun...

5 Hour War, 2042 March 5th 1AM-6:00AM: Nuclear missiles fired by India fly across the world, major targets being pakistan but one is fired directly into Beijing...the Radio-Projector china created instead bounces the nuclear missile into Russia triggering the cascade effect of the Russian "Order Saturn" which is to fire on all nations of major import, causing a chainline effect between all the major nations. Nuclear war with Hydrogen bombs vaporizes at times hundreds of miles of area...and splits cities open into the bedrock below them. While Major cities in California, Western Russia, France, and Northern Italy are spared...Hydrogen bombs obliterate all nations small and large. A missfired hydrogen bomb lands in the Netherlands and causes large areas of the northern areas to flood while the 9 hydrogen bombs cooked and quartered the population of England. South America was scared heavily due to being a major target of all superpowers for varying reasons. The population is reduced to only 10% its original number bar peoples living in the Amazon Jungle. Africa is mostly spared save for South Africa being hit with several non-hydrogen type bombs, and Germany is a target of both nuclear and hydrogen bombs. While the US has its costlines defended...the sheer damage to regions that were not under the 'Gravegaurden umbrella' was unimaginable. Cities like Kansas city ceased to exist in moments while Denver colorado was vaporized too. Worse still, during the chaos the 'Hellfleet' docks in Argentina's southernmost tip, their invasion of the region begins even as the nuclear bombs fall. China and the Indian Subcontinant are the most harmed however, due to India and Pakistan being major targets and china's inland almost entirely being overrun despite having the most advanced shielding for their nation's capitals and subcapitals. As soon as the nuclear engagement ends, the true chaos begins..

2042 March 8th: Barracaded and alone, the heroines and the cast of the Monogatari series bunkers down in a church...their food supply already low and deep down they know its only going to get worse.

2042 March 9: Lucifer "Satan" announces her plan to damn the planet, demon invasions and uprisings organized months in advance blow holes in the world as smaller nations crumble and larger nations endure despite horrific losses of manpower. Italy, Russia, and the United States (now under Sayaka's Hunta) take leadership roles as they attempt to keep the demon armies in place. Loses are attrocious but the chaos quickly results in the frontlines solidifying into actual borders.

2042 March 11th: Kayblis and Jinmen rampage across Scandinavia committing crimes against humanity not seen since the world wars whole cities are depopulated, enslaved, and worse. Australia holds back the attempted invasion through Gurrella war, but the loses they have where the worst on the planet. Only 20 percent of the pre-war population remains.

2042 March 12th-30th: Lain organizes the first french army, and marches it into the side of "Hellforce Germania", its victorious, but the losses of especially equipment is VERY high. Leading LAIN to nationalize every industry she physically can think up to defend France. She decides that the only way to delay the enemy is 'nuclear barricades', via strategic and repeative bombardment of major demon areas with nuclear weapons. This mass production of war irradiates so much of Scandinavia that even demonkind can't attack through it. And is forced to retreat to the Siberian fronts and the prepared invasion of the British Isles. The Demons for their part fire their entire remainning nuclear weapons into the ocean to hopefully poison the worldwide water supply. It only results in 200 meters of the waterlevel decreasing in the oceans, which still hurts especially naval peoples like Indonesia, but isn't even nearly able to poison the worldwide water supply.

2042 March 31s - April 10th: The leadup of the "Great Demon War" Germany is freed from demon rule while Russian Shields of Case Bragation lets the Magical Girl Armies lead under by Mami Tamoe and the traditional Russian Generalship. The chaos of the war was aparent from the start. Demon Generals had invaded into Siberia from the Northern Poles and had violently claimed the region.

Citations:

https://bakemonogatari.fandom.com/wiki/Kizumonogatari
https://wiki.puella-magi.net/Timeline
